Add Benchmark results to remote store main page (#5100)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index.md

- [HTTP logs](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/http_logs)
- [NYC taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis),

Each workload was tested against multiple bulk indexing client configurations in order to simulate varying degrees of request concurrency.

Your results may vary based on your cluster topology, hardware, shard count, and merge settings.

### Cluster, shard, and test configuration

For these benchmarks, we used the following cluster, shard, and test configuration:

* Node types: Three nodes---one data, one ingest, and one cluster manager node
* Node instance: Amazon EC2 r6g.xlarge
* OpenSearch Benchmark host: Single Amazon EC2 m5.2xlarge instance
* Shard configuration: Three shards with one replica
* The `repository-s3` plugin installed with the default S3 settings 

### StackOverflow

The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `so` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 250 ms.

|	|	|8 bulk indexing clients (Default)	|16 bulk indexing clients	|24 bulk indexing clients	|
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|

> |	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|

Author: ```suggestion
|	|	| Document replication	| Remote enabled	|Percent difference	| Document replication	| Remote enabled	| Percent difference	|Document replication	| Remote enabled	| Percent difference	|
```

> |Indexing Throughput	|Mean	|29582.5	|40667.4	|37.47	|31154.9	|47862.3	|53.63	|31777.2	|51123.2	|60.88	|

Author: ```suggestion
|Indexing throughput	|Mean	|29582.5	|40667.4	|37.47	|31154.9	|47862.3	|53.63	|31777.2	|51123.2	|60.88	|
```

|P50	|28915.4	|40343.4	|39.52	|30406.4	|47472.5	|56.13	|30852.1	|50547.2	|63.84	|

> |Indexing Latency	|P90	|1716.34	|1469.5	|-14.38	|3709.77	|2799.82	|-24.53	|5768.68	|3794.13	|-34.23	|

Author: ```suggestion
|Indexing latency	|P90	|1716.34	|1469.5	|-14.38	|3709.77	|2799.82	|-24.53	|5768.68	|3794.13	|-34.23	|
```

### HTTP logs

The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `http_logs` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 200 ms.

|	|	|8 bulk indexing clients (Default)	|16 bulk indexing clients	|24 bulk indexing clients	|
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|

> |	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|

Author: ```suggestion
|	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|
```

> |	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|

Author: ```suggestion
|	|	| Document replication	| Remote enabled	|Percent difference	| Document replication	| Remote enabled	| Percent difference	|Document replication	| Remote enabled	| Percent difference	|
```

> |Indexing Throughput	|Mean	|149062	|82198.7	|-44.86	|134696	|148749	|10.43	|133050	|197239	|48.24	|

Author: ```suggestion
|Indexing throughput	|Mean	|149062	|82198.7	|-44.86	|134696	|148749	|10.43	|133050	|197239	|48.24	|
```

|P50	|148123	|81656.1	|-44.87	|133591	|148859	|11.43	|132872	|197455	|48.61	|

> |Indexing Latency	|P90	|327.011	|610.036	|86.55	|751.705	|669.073	|-10.99	|1145.19	|817.185	|-28.64	|

Author: ```suggestion
|Indexing latency	|P90	|327.011	|610.036	|86.55	|751.705	|669.073	|-10.99	|1145.19	|817.185	|-28.64	|
```

### NYC taxis

The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `http_logs` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 250 ms.

|	|	|8 bulk indexing clients (Default)	|16 bulk indexing clients	|24 bulk indexing clients	|
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|

> |	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|

Author: ```suggestion
|	|	| Document replication	| Remote enabled	|Percent difference	| Document replication	| Remote enabled	| Percent difference	|Document replication	| Remote enabled	| Percent difference	|
```

> |Indexing Throughput	|Mean	|93383.9	|94186.1	|0.86	|91624.8	|125770	|37.27	|93627.7	|132006	|40.99	|

Author: ```suggestion
|Indexing throughput	|Mean	|93383.9	|94186.1	|0.86	|91624.8	|125770	|37.27	|93627.7	|132006	|40.99	|
```

|P50	|91645.1	|93906.7	|2.47	|89659.8	|125443	|39.91	|91120.3	|132166	|45.05	|

> |Indexing Latency	|P90	|995.217	|1014.01	|1.89	|2236.33	|1750.06	|-21.74	|3353.45	|2472	|-26.28	|

Author: ```suggestion
|Indexing latency	|P90	|995.217	|1014.01	|1.89	|2236.33	|1750.06	|-21.74	|3353.45	|2472	|-26.28	|
```

You can use remote-backed storage for the following purposes:

- To restore red clusters or indexes.
- To recover all data up to the last acknowledged write, regardless of replica count, if `index.translog.durability` is set to `request`.

## Benchmarks

> The OpenSearch team has run remote store using multiple workload options available within [OpenSearch Benchmark (OSB)](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/benchmark/index/) tool. This section summarises the benchmark results for the following OSB workloads: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenSearch team has run remote store using multiple workload options available within the [OpenSearch Benchmark (OSB)](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/benchmark/index/) tool. This section summarizes the benchmark results for the following OSB workloads: 
```

- [StackOverflow](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/so)
- [HTTP logs](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/http_logs)
- [NYC taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis),

> Each workload was tested using multiple cluster configurations indexing data using bulk indexing clients, which simulates a high level of requests made to the cluster concurrently. 

Reviewer: Not sure what this means. Reword this?

"... using multiple cluster configurations indexing data using bulk indexing clients ..."

> Each workload was tested using multiple cluster configurations indexing data using bulk indexing clients, which simulates a high level of requests made to the cluster concurrently. 

Author: ```suggestion
Each workload was tested using multiple cluster configurations. Indexed data was added to each cluster using varying numbers of bulk indexing clients. This simulates a high level of requests made to the cluster concurrently. 
```

> Each workload was tested using multiple cluster configurations. Indexed data was added to each cluster using varying numbers of bulk indexing clients. This simulates a high level of requests made to the cluster concurrently. 

Reviewer 2: This line conveys a different meaning. Can we reword this as - `Each workload was tested against multiple configurations of bulk indexing clients which simulates varying degree of concurrency of requests.`

> Each workload was tested using multiple cluster configurations. Indexed data was added to each cluster using varying numbers of bulk indexing clients. This simulates a high level of requests made to the cluster concurrently. 

Author: ```suggestion
Each workload was tested against multiple bulk indexing client configurations in order to simulate varying degrees of request concurrency.
```

Your results may vary based on your cluster topology, hardware used, shard count, and merge settings.

### Cluster, shard, & test configuration

For these benchmarks, we used the following cluster, shard, and test configuration.

* Node types: Three nodes, one data, one ingest, and one cluster manager node
* Node instance: AWS EC2 r6g.xlarge
* OpenSearch Benchmark host: Single AWS EC2 m5.2xlarge
* Shard configuration: 3 shards with 1 replica
* The `repository-s3` plugin installed with the default S3 settings 

### StackOverflow

> The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `so` workload a remote translog buffer interval of 250ms.

Author: ```suggestion
The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `so` workload a remote translog buffer interval of 250 ms.
```

> The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `so` workload a remote translog buffer interval of 250 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `so` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 250 ms.
```

> |	|	|8 bulk indexing clients (Default)	|16 bulk indexing clients	|24 bulk indexing clients	|

Reviewer 3: Confirm sentence case for the items in this and the following tables.

|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|
|	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|
|Indexing Throughput	|Mean	|29582.5	|40667.4	|37.47	|31154.9	|47862.3	|53.63	|31777.2	|51123.2	|60.88	|
|P50	|28915.4	|40343.4	|39.52	|30406.4	|47472.5	|56.13	|30852.1	|50547.2	|63.84	|
|Indexing Latency	|P90	|1716.34	|1469.5	|-14.38	|3709.77	|2799.82	|-24.53	|5768.68	|3794.13	|-34.23	|

### HTTP logs

> The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `http_logs` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 200ms.

Author: ```suggestion
The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `http_logs` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 200 ms.
```

|	|	|8 bulk indexing clients (Default)	|16 bulk indexing clients	|24 bulk indexing clients	|
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|
|	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|
|Indexing Throughput	|Mean	|149062	|82198.7	|-44.86	|134696	|148749	|10.43	|133050	|197239	|48.24	|
|P50	|148123	|81656.1	|-44.87	|133591	|148859	|11.43	|132872	|197455	|48.61	|
|Indexing Latency	|P90	|327.011	|610.036	|86.55	|751.705	|669.073	|-10.99	|1145.19	|817.185	|-28.64	|

### NYC taxis

> The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `http_logs` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 250ms.

Author: ```suggestion
The following table lists the benchmarking results for the `http_logs` workload with a remote translog buffer interval of 250 ms.
```

|	|	|8 bulk indexing clients (Default)	|16 bulk indexing clients	|24 bulk indexing clients	|
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|
|	|	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|Document Replication	|remote enabled	|Percent difference	|
|Indexing Throughput	|Mean	|93383.9	|94186.1	|0.86	|91624.8	|125770	|37.27	|93627.7	|132006	|40.99	|
|P50	|91645.1	|93906.7	|2.47	|89659.8	|125443	|39.91	|91120.3	|132166	|45.05	|
|Indexing Latency	|P90	|995.217	|1014.01	|1.89	|2236.33	|1750.06	|-21.74	|3353.45	|2472	|-26.28	|

> As detailed by the results, you can see consistent gains for cases where the indexing latency is more than the average remote upload time. When you increase the bulk indexing clients, remote-enabled configuration provides indexing throughput gains of up to 60-65%. For more detailed results, see [Issue #9790](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/9790).

Author: ```suggestion
As detailed by the results, you can see consistent gains for cases where the indexing latency is more than the average remote upload time. When you increase the bulk indexing clients, remote-enabled configuration provides indexing throughput gains of up to 60--65%. For more detailed results, see [Issue #9790](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/9790).
```

> As detailed by the results, you can see consistent gains for cases where the indexing latency is more than the average remote upload time. When you increase the bulk indexing clients, remote-enabled configuration provides indexing throughput gains of up to 60--65%. For more detailed results, see [Issue #9790](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/9790).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As shown by the results, there are consistent gains in cases where the indexing latency is more than the average remote upload time. When you increase the bulk indexing clients, remote-enabled configuration provides indexing throughput gains of up to 60--65%. For more detailed results, see [Issue #9790](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/9790).
```

> As detailed by the results, you can see consistent gains for cases where the indexing latency is more than the average remote upload time. When you increase the bulk indexing clients, remote-enabled configuration provides indexing throughput gains of up to 60--65%. For more detailed results, see [Issue #9790](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/9790).

Reviewer 3: Second sentence: Do we mean "When the number of bulk indexing clients is increased..."? Should "a" precede "remote-enabled"?

Author: Yes and yes.
